---
layout: post
title: Journal no.1 -
categories: Personnel
---

Hi everyone,

I hope everyone is staying safe and strong during these hard times! This virus is pretty anxiety-inducing, but we need to hang in there.  

It's been a mixbag of ups and downs for me. Some days I feel really inspired and some others I just can't bring myself to do anything productive. I started to realize how I can't force myself to be 100% productive all the time, even more with a day job. I currently work 5 days remotely and, has much as I am grateful for it, it sometimes drain out a lot of my energy and creativity.

But, the place I am now (even during this crisis), is far greater than where I was 1 year ago. At that time, I was completing my last university semester in Graphic Design. I was very excited while still being very worried about my future. I didn't felt like I was ready to work in that field or that I was passionate enough. I attended events, watched documentaries and met a lot of people working in Graphic Design and I felt... weird. I didn't find myself connecting with this world that I was about to enter in. Instead, I found myself worrying, overanalyzing my skills, doubting about my potential... I also found that dealing with clients and businesses while still being creative was a challenge I wasn't willing to spend energy on.

In this last semester, I felt lost and directionless. Many of my peers were struggling too and we had many discussions about it that helped us relieves some pressure. A good chunk of them entered the field in the last year and I am so happy for them. I was honestly on the verge of quitting and trying to find something I was really passionate about. It was a really sad time for me, because when I finished my previous Multimedia/Web development degree in college, I felt that I wanted to aim for something more creative. So, I followed my dream to be a Graphic designer. Realizing that this path wasn't for me was really hard to digest.



I
